TGB Dual Unofficial English 7.2053-0.96

TGB Dual Vol. 7 Build 2053 by Gigo and Hii
Translation v0.96 by Mitchell "The Khan Artist" Mebane (majm101@yahoo.com)
Hacked with Resource Hacker and Hex Workshop
Based on the English Translation of Vol. 5 Build 1900 by Jake Zhang


What's new in TGB Dual 7.2053
As usual, what I noticed while translating:

You can now select GBA from the Mode menu. This is similar to WinGBC's "GBC(GBA)" option in that it pretends to be running the GB(C) games on a GBA. There is also an option called "Default GBA", but I haven't been able to figure that one out.


What's new in translation 0.96:

Added the new menu items.

Translated the rest of the sound options, based on the source code.

Re-packed the EXE file when I was done hacking. I forgot to do it in 0.95. :P



What's New in TGB Dual 7.2048:
The docs are in Japanese, so I can't read them. However, here are a few things I noticed whilst hacking the program:

Rendering Mode:
Select from three different rendering modes. This doesn't seem to have anything to do with emulation, just how the graphics get from the emulator to your monitor. I found mode 2 to be the fastest, but you should see which one works best for you.

Priority:
You can set the emulator's priority, but be careful, because Realtime disables multitasking and may freeze your system, and Idle basically pauses the emulator.

Mode:
Select from GB, GBC, and Auto.

Help menu:
Now, any .txt files which are in the same folder as TGB_Dual.exe are shown in the Help menu. You can view them with the internal viewer by clicking them. The internal viewer doesn't support word wrap, though. :(

TGB Dual is now compressed qith UPX to lower the file size.

And last but definately not least, TGD Dual is now GPL! Which means this hack is GPL, too. All the source code for this hack (a la Resource Hacker) is in resources.rc. This contains the info used to translate the majority of the emulator; the rest was done by directly editing TGB_Dual.exe with Hex Workshop.


What's new in translation 0.95:

Changed the wording of a few things to make better sense.

Added translations for the new menu items.

Added hotkeys for some things.

Translated the names of the device plugins, as they appear in the 'Devices' menu. The names are stored in the plugin files themselves, so you need my versions to get English menu names.

Fully translated GameShark dialog.

Fixed arrow key names in key config dialog, and added names for '~', '=', and '\', so they don't appear as blank.


To do list, as of 0.96:

The PAR dialog needs some work. Other than that, the only thing left to do is finish translating the device plugins. Documentation will be considered extra; if it gets done, I'll add a big fat 1 to the translation version.


If anybody wishes to help translate the documents, I would very much appreciate it. In the zip file with the emulator, I have included all the docs as they appear in the official version. Anyone who translates the docs will get full credit for their work, and will get their name in the 'About' dialog.


If you have any questions or comments, email me at majm101@yahoo.com or visit my website.


Links:
My site: http://khanartist.topcities.com/
Official TGB site (in Portugese, according to Google): http://gigo.retrogames.com/
Zophar's Domain - Gameboy: http://www.zophar.net/gb.html
Resource Hacker: http://rpi.net.au/~ajohnson/resourcehacker
Hex Workshop: http://www.bpsoft.com/